hello the youngest and hello
new video today I'm coming to you
talk about a new box and yes so
this one is the beatbox
so now I had the opportunity
to test and the chance to test so
So this strength then there are two babies
the initials of because i'm beautiful
that's why I'm happy to
test this box there because it's a
box that is therefore for the skins
mixed with oriental pot with skins
tanned with black skins for matt
finally here is really for the skins
is going to say African Mediterranean so
because a goal you need the box so with
the little butterfly here already what I like
it's only at the purse box so
on prefers when there is the box because
that the box is always reusable
we could put our jewelry to
inside as a killer or reds
you can be a master
so we want in this loop this
so it's more than that at its price
first of all I find that he is
a lot cheaper than she is
much cheaper than other boxes
it costs 15 euros you will find all
way so how can you order
or subscribe way on the site
I will put you the link of the site in bar
info so the bbox costs 15 euros and
6 so this is the launch bbox so
so it's boxing the den of them
call it and its value and 2.45 euros
28 so to the so you pay only 15
euros so already it's really very very
advantageous
what you have inside so I
shows you that already then you stop
it happens like that so packed in
tissue paper with the physio so me
I opened here very well packed
and so that's how your
boxer
else like that so then I have a
we will say an opinion so in my opinion we
is going to say but so a notice I'm going
to give personally is that
the interior of which you have
thumbnails and me thumbnails
I do not like that too much I mean
really when we travel yes why
not therefore take them in the suitcase
and everything is still dead in July I
take really big quantities
this is the game so you do not have
no thumbnails you have when
even two products including full size so
in size so normal so make-up in
more so that's great and you have
so inside the little ones
little hands of the little shabby
small miniatures
how I finally find I'm not going to
use at home what's that
the little trick
that's why not test them why
buy the big quantity but I can
not settle for miniatures otherwise
nothing to say about the products so super
good products the chosen products are
really well so you first have the
wealth because was with Africa esteem
so these little things there so it's this
who champions you have
gentle shampoo here so it's called
savanna fleury it's super pretty like no
with orange blossom and shea
who are sublime in good it's terrible
the smell like that feels like it smells good
you have that you also have to free that
encrypted target kissing you have the gel
shower so savanna tree this one so
junta
verbena and who are super good too
Here it really happen naught
morning when or if you touch with that
it's really top of the top are
products that were made in Morocco
because I see behind that it's been
Made in Marrakech Made in Morocco
So here you in
small gentile in 30 milliliters
in the miniatures we will say and that's it
I find it pretty well I think of
small steps won you have a head of
ladies the african lady here on so
here for the for the for the for the
mark did that here you then have
for a magnetic look with bella
worst mascara whose full size dombes and
the stone is a mark of so it's
a real known brand of
cosmetics and you mascara
here in full size inside that has him
a value of 20 euros
so you have it as you have it here
then you still have brand
b lapierre so the gloss so ultra
glamorous so this one lip gloss
if full size I show it to you
inside there is a nice color
it's really a pretty red or rosé
with them little glitter
but really very very very fine and
pretty this one costs 15 euros and then
you have the last product so the one
this is the brand
the sultana of saba and c1 and bodily
to amber with argan which costs so the
fendant trip 5 euros 30
so this small format lasserre the bodies
with argan so with argan oil and he
feels
it reminds me of the smell of products
in tunisia cosmetic products in
tunisia it smells super mom finally so
that's it for boxing boxing content
so the bbox team wishes you a
good discovery so mans here I
we were going to say so we'll say 80%
so happy with the box apart as
I told you boxing apart sells
well on the miniature sides like me
I only had that that's why
I'm subscribed to any of the boks
glossybox beauty box all this because
here I am I do not want to be
disappointed mantes yielded bags of
miniatures and bags and bags of
thumbnails that I will never use
so that's it for the bbox I
you put anyway the link of the
guild box under the video know that
this block life this will be put into play
in the next contest and so like
that you will discover it by you
even if you want in more of the round of
ski I like there that I did here a little
I had been a little spring finally
spring-summer we want to direct small
flowers he knows that a little crown of
flowers I really I advise
really nice finally personally what
so if you want the little tutorial of this
that I saw there listen ask me
the click on I like on the video as
I'll do it for you next time
there listen so I wish you a good
watching the video
you do very big kisses do not forget
not to click on I like if you have
liked the video and listen for everything
intelligence or all our advice or
any request etc
leave me that so under the video so
in comment I make you very big
kisses and I'll tell you next at
see the pretty ones